README.md, before:

# async-recursion macro

[![Latest version](https://img.shields.io/crates/v/async-recursion)](https://crates.io/crates/async-recursion)
[![crates.io downloads](https://img.shields.io/crates/d/async_recursion)](https://crates.io/crates/async-recursion)
[![Build Status](https://img.shields.io/github/actions/workflow/status/dcchut/async-recursion/ci.yml?branch=master)](https://github.com/dcchut/async-recursion/actions)
![Apache/MIT2.0 License](https://img.shields.io/crates/l/async-recursion)

Procedural macro for recursive async functions.

* [Documentation](https://docs.rs/async-recursion/)
* Cargo package: [async-recursion](https://crates.io/crates/async-recursion)

## Motivation
Consider the following recursive implementation of the fibonacci numbers:

```rust,compile_fail
async fn fib(n : u32) -> u32 {
   match n {
       0 | 1 => 1,
       _ => fib(n-1).await + fib(n-2).await
   }
}
```

The compiler helpfully tells us that:

```console
error[E0733]: recursion in an `async fn` requires boxing
 --> src/main.rs:1:26
  |
1 | async fn fib(n : u32) -> u32 {
  |                          ^^^ recursive `async fn`
  |
  = note: a recursive `async fn` must be rewritten to return a boxed `dyn Future`
  = note: consider using the `async_recursion` crate: https://crates.io/crates/async_recursion
```

This crate provides an attribute macro to automatically convert an async function 
to one returning a boxed `Future`.

## Example

```rust
use async_recursion::async_recursion;

#[async_recursion]
async fn fib(n : u32) -> u32 {
   match n {
      0 | 1 => 1,
      _ => fib(n-1).await + fib(n-2).await
   }
}
```

## ?Send Option

The returned future has a `Send` bound to make sure it can be sent between threads.
If this is undesirable you can mark that the bound should be left out like so:

```rust
#[async_recursion(?Send)]
async fn example() {
   // ...
}
```

In detail:

- `#[async_recursion]` modifies your function to return a [`BoxFuture`], and
- `#[async_recursion(?Send)]` modifies your function to return a [`LocalBoxFuture`].

[`BoxFuture`]: https://docs.rs/futures/0.3.19/futures/future/type.BoxFuture.html
[`LocalBoxFuture`]: https://docs.rs/futures/0.3.19/futures/future/type.LocalBoxFuture.html

### License

Licensed under either of
 * Apache License, Version 2.0
   ([LICENSE-APACHE](LICENSE-APACHE) or <http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0>)
 * MIT license
   ([LICENSE-MIT](LICENSE-MIT) or <http://opensource.org/licenses/MIT>)

at your option.

Commit message:

Add `Sync` support (#40)
Add `Sync` argument which marks the returned `Future` as `Sync`

README.md, after:

# async-recursion macro

[![Latest version](https://img.shields.io/crates/v/async-recursion)](https://crates.io/crates/async-recursion)
[![crates.io downloads](https://img.shields.io/crates/d/async_recursion)](https://crates.io/crates/async-recursion)
[![Build Status](https://img.shields.io/github/actions/workflow/status/dcchut/async-recursion/ci.yml?branch=master)](https://github.com/dcchut/async-recursion/actions)
![Apache/MIT2.0 License](https://img.shields.io/crates/l/async-recursion)

Procedural macro for recursive async functions.

* [Documentation](https://docs.rs/async-recursion/)
* Cargo package: [async-recursion](https://crates.io/crates/async-recursion)

## Motivation
Consider the following recursive implementation of the fibonacci numbers:

```rust,compile_fail
async fn fib(n : u32) -> u32 {
   match n {
       0 | 1 => 1,
       _ => fib(n-1).await + fib(n-2).await
   }
}
```

The compiler helpfully tells us that:

```console
error[E0733]: recursion in an `async fn` requires boxing
 --> src/main.rs:1:26
  |
1 | async fn fib(n : u32) -> u32 {
  |                          ^^^ recursive `async fn`
  |
  = note: a recursive `async fn` must be rewritten to return a boxed `dyn Future`
  = note: consider using the `async_recursion` crate: https://crates.io/crates/async_recursion
```

This crate provides an attribute macro to automatically convert an async function 
to one returning a boxed `Future`.

## Example

```rust
use async_recursion::async_recursion;

#[async_recursion]
async fn fib(n : u32) -> u32 {
   match n {
      0 | 1 => 1,
      _ => fib(n-1).await + fib(n-2).await
   }
}
```

## ?Send option

The returned `Future` has a `Send` bound to make sure it can be sent between threads.
If this is undesirable you can mark that the bound should be left out like so:

```rust
#[async_recursion(?Send)]
async fn returned_future_is_not_send() {
   // ...
}
```

## Sync option

The returned `Future` doesn't have a `Sync` bound as it is usually not required. 
You can include a `Sync` bound as follows:

```rust
#[async_recursion(Sync)]
async fn returned_future_is_sync() {
   // ...
}
```

In detail:

- `#[async_recursion]` modifies your function to return a boxed `Future` with a `Send` bound.
- `#[async_recursion(?Send)]` modifies your function to return a boxed `Future` _without_ a `Send` bound.
- `#[async_recursion(Sync)]` modifies your function to return a boxed `Future` with a `Send` and `Sync` bound.

### License

Licensed under either of
 * Apache License, Version 2.0
   ([LICENSE-APACHE](LICENSE-APACHE) or <http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0>)
 * MIT license
   ([LICENSE-MIT](LICENSE-MIT) or <http://opensource.org/licenses/MIT>)

at your option.
